P: It is the day of the battle.
P: I touch the consecrated oils to my shoulders.
P: The image of the Goddess looks down on me from the shrine.
P: She looks sad, more so than usual.
P: Today, Her children go to die.
M: It is the day of the battle.
M: The technicians draw the cables out of my back.
M: They stare up at me from the hangar floor.
M: They look pleased, if a little nervous.
M: Today, their work comes to fruition.
P: I am the pilot of the sacred weapon FLOWER OF HEAVEN.
M: I am a vessel that carries a sacred bride of the Goddess.
P: I step out of the prayer niche.
P: The attendants take the robe from my shoulders.
P: The pilot's vestments are folded neatly beside an incense burner.
P: I hold out my arms and whisper words of devotion as they fit them to me.
M: I rest on my supports in the temple-hangar.
M: A woman stands in front of me. She wears the robes of a priest.
M: The technicians bow to her.
M: She sings a song of prayer.
M: Her voice resonates throughout the room.
P: An attendant pins a flower to my hair.
P: "Come back to us." she says, quietly.
P: I do not know her name.
P: I am not to know their names. It would be unseemly.
M: The singer finishes her song.
M: The injector connects to my back.
P: I am escorted to a car. There is a crowd watching me.
P: There are more priests than I've ever seen.
M: When the sacred bride enters me, she will take me out of the temple.
M: I have never seen beyond this room.
M: I am excited.
P: When I enter the sacred weapon, I will take her to fight.
P: I have seen pictures of the godless soldiers, and the strange beasts they compel.
P: They would turn us all into beasts as well.
P: I am afraid.
M: I have been taught about our enemy.
M: They have created creatures like me, but debased, not sacred.
M: I do not know what makes the distinction.
M: But I am excited to challenge my strange cousins.
P: The car arrives at the temple-hangars.
P: I see other cars, carrying my fellow brides of the Goddess.
P: It is strange to see someone in the suit who does not look like me.
M: The technicians receive a message. They rush to their machines.
M: My whole world is made of machines. Everything has an intent.
M: The world outside will be different. The Goddess does not build as humans do.
P: The attendants lead me to a small room.
P: I must undergo another round of ritual cleansing.
P: This cleansing is different. There is no incense, and the oils have a harsh smell.
P: It will make sure I am pure before I enter the sacred weapon.
P: A technician takes away the flower in my hair.
M: It is almost time.
M: I have never seen the sacred bride of the Goddess, only felt her presence inside me.
M: They insert her into me and take her away.
M: Never for long, until now.
P: I can see FLOWER OF HEAVEN beneath me. At least, her shoulders, and her head.
P: The machine parts of her body are intricately carved.
P: One day I wish I might see her in full.
P: Even the godless soldiers get to see her, before they die!
P: Is that thought impure?
M: I have been made in the image of the Goddess, in Her most destructive aspect.
M: In place of Her halo of thirteen swords, I have an array of regenerating missile projectors.
M: In place of Her bow, I have a repeating cannon which hurls javelins as long as a man.
M: In place of Her spear, I have a beam which melts steel and burns away skin with equal fervour.
M: The technicians have said this to the priest, soon after I was born.
M: Soon I will see what these things mean.
P: FLOWER OF HEAVEN is like unto the beasts of our enemy, but she is different.
P: The priests guided her creation, and ensured that her pilot would have a pure and pious heart.
P: This is what I have been told. I hope I am pure and pious enough.
P: It is time for me to enter FLOWER OF HEAVEN.
M: It is time for my pilot to enter.
P: I climb onto the entry bed. The technicians attach pipes and tubes to my suit.
P: I feel the needles slide into their sockets.
P: I start to feel through the body of FLOWER OF HEAVEN.
M: I feel the bride of the goddess slide into the opening in my back.
P: I feel the bride of the goddess slide into the opening in my back.
P: No... I feel myself, sliding into FLOWER OF HEAVEN.
P: It is confusing at first, to have two bodies.
M: I see the doors of the temple-hangar open.
M: A team of robed monks stands at the base, singing in deep voices.
M: They part to let me walk out of the hangar.
M: I wait for guidance.
P: I have felt the simulations, but this is different.
P: I feel warm. There is something soft on me, like I've been wrapped in meat.
P: I try to stand up.
M: At first, her desire is incoherent. But then, it's clear to me.
M: As if it is my own.
M: She wants me to stand up. I want to stand up.
PM:I take a step forwards.
M: My bow and lance are waiting. I take them up.
P: The weapons fill strange in my hands. Heavy with intent.
P: I am not used to having four hands.
P: But she knows what to do.
P: It is time to run.
M: I leap out of the temple-hangar. The monks disappear in a blur.
P: Our enemy is still far away.
P: I am free now, free to look back.
M: She wants to see my home, the temple. I turn, and look up.
M: The temple-hangar looks tiny, a small hole in the base of a wall of stone and flowers.
M: Banners with sacred texts flutter in the breeze.
P: FLOWER OF HEAVEN has three eyes, and two are set very wide. Everything is distorted and stretched.
P: The banners contain many prayers I recognise, and some I don't. I try to read them.
M: I receive a signal. It is for her.
P: "FLOWER OF HEAVEN, why do you hesitate? Is there a problem?" It is the voice of the priest.
P: I merely wished to see the place I go to defend. I tell her so.
P: "It is beautiful, is it not? Let us not see it sullied."
P: She is right, of course. This is my duty.
P: I ask FLOWER OF HEAVEN to move on.
M: I thought that she knew the world outside. I realise that I envied her.
M: But she, too, had not seen the temple. It startles me.
M: It seems strange, that to be pure we must be ignorant.
M: Perhaps it only seems strange because I am impure. That is why she is here to guide me.
P: Our enemy today has sent beasts called giants.
P: They are alike to women, but they have many legs, and many breasts, and many eyes.
P: They are guided by strange, tall women called KNIGHTs.
P: The KNIGHTs do not sit inside their giants, like I do. They hang on the back, whispering lies into their ears.
P: I feel sorry for the giants.
M: It is time to take flight. I rise into the air, arms held wide like in the icons of the goddess.
M: I hang over the city. How many can see me?
M: The city looks very strange. The buildings are haphazard, not purposeful, like the machines.
M: There is a river, winding through it. The water is brown. I have never seen so much water.
M: The giants are coming from the coast. We should follow the river.
P: Through FLOWER OF HEAVEN, I see the other aspects fly beside us.
P: There are twelve of them, varied in size and form.
P: The Goddess has aspects for all the beasts. Each one, a different face.
P: In her thirteenth aspect, she has the face of humanity. The beasts with the power to build and destroy.
P: I wonder if she has an aspect for giants.
P: I wonder if she has an aspect for weapons like FLOWER OF HEAVEN.
M: I can feel the body of the bride of the Goddess. I cannot know her thoughts.
M: She is troubled. So I ask her what bothers her.
M: We should go into battle with a clear head.
P: FLOWER OF HEAVEN asks to know my thoughts.
P: So I tell her. "The Goddess loves all things. She has aspects for the mice and the ferrets and the fish."
P: "Surely the Goddess loves you too. But I do not know her aspect for sacred weapons."
P: "I should like to. I would like to include you in my devotions."
M: It is a strange question. I consider it.
M: "I was not made by the Goddess. I was made by humans."
M: "If creators have aspects, perhaps you have an aspect for me."
P: Her answer surprises me.
P: Does she worship us, the way we worship the Goddess?
P: I find I do not much like the thought of being worshipped.
M: Despite my answer, I feel a strange sense of gratitude.
M: I have been involved in many rituals. But nobody has offered to pray for me.
M: I receive a signal. The enemy has been detected.
P: No more time to think about theology.
P: It's time to fight.
CUT
P: I have seen the godless soldiers.
M: I have lain waste to the godless soldiers.
P: Their giants were strong, but they were not FLOWER OF HEAVEN.
M: I floated above the battlefield and cast fire on the scurrying soldiers in thirteen directions.
M: I ran along the battlefield and cut their armoured beetles in two with my spear.
M: I stood on a hilltop and blasted holes in their giants with my bow.
M: The bride of the goddess guided me, so it was right and it was pure.
P: Through FLOWER OF HEAVEN's eyes, I saw the shattered soldiers crawl on the ground.
P: They are invaders. They are here to make beasts of us. It is not right to feel pity.
P: It is impure.
M: I am sweating. Exhaustion floods my limbs.
M: I rest my spear on the ground.
M: This sweat is a brutish animal feeling, not fit for a Goddess.
M: But of course, I am not the Goddess. Merely an imitation.
P: I see the strange woman before FLOWER OF HEAVEN notices her.
P: I ask her to look closer.
M: The bride sees a soldier who is different from the others.
M: I have not seen this type of soldier. I am nervous.
P: She is very tall. Her uniform jacket is very sharp.
P: She is much too clean for a battlefield.
P: She smiles very slightly, eyeing me. No. Eyeing FLOWER OF HEAVEN.
P: I have not seen anyone look at me this way.
P: Not fear, not deference, not boredom.
P: Desire?
M: When she moves, she is a blur.
M: None of the other soldiers could move this fast. She is more like a missile than a human.
P: I do not want this woman to reach me.
M: I launch my missiles. They converge, and explode around her.
P: She emerges from the smoke at speed.
P: She is injured. Her elegant uniform is splattered with blood.
P: She should not be moving. The shrapnel should have killed her.
M: I raise my lance. The beam cuts a line along the landscape, and a moment later, it erupts with colourful fire.
M: The beam cuts through her, cutting her in two.
M: But a moment later, she's standing again. She is laughing, now. She points her sword at me.
P: This woman cannot be killed.
P: I plead with FLOWER OF HEAVEN to run.
M: I am the image of the Goddess. I will not run from one lone soldier.
M: I raise my bow. The javelins turn the ground into a forest of needles.
M: They pass through her, but the holes close almost as soon as they open.
P: Her uniform is all but gone.
P: Her body is uninjured. She has taken attacks that would kill battalions.
P: She leaps towards me. Deep inside FLOWER OF HEAVEN, I raise my arms to protect my face.
M: I raise my arms to swat the troublesome soldier out of the air.
M: Even if she won't die, I can hold her still.
P: "You must not!"
P: My words mean nothing.
M: She cuts my hand open. The pain is overwhelming.
M: She cuts the web between my finger and thumb. My spear falls to the ground. I cannot hold it.
M: She runs up my arm. She cuts and cuts.
M: My blood is not like the humans' blood. It is white, and it forms into strands of new flesh.
M: I swat at her. She dances aside. My hand sticks to my arm.
P: FLOWER OF HEAVEN will be killed.
P: I feel certain of this. I have been with her less than a day.
P: This beast-woman will burrow into her head and destroy her brain.
P: She is no longer listening to me.
M: She reaches my neck. She cuts my windpipe.
M: My airway collapses. I have fallen to my knees.
P: I beg for an escape.
P: If I can just face her...
P: I can plead for mercy.
M: The bride of heaven wishes to leave me.
M: I cannot refuse this order.
M: Nor should I consider it. I have failed her.
M: My defeat is an insult to the Goddess.
P: I emerge from FLOWER OF HEAVEN's back. Warm flesh peels back, releasing me into the air.
P: I am cold.
P: I am vulnerable.
P: She is slumped in a wooded valley. All around are trees with pink flowers.
P: Heavens' flowers. Her namesake.
M: I have one arm that still works. I am sure to die, but I can deal with the strange soldier.
M: She is agile. She cannot die. But if I can catch her...
P: I can see the strange soldier, perched on FLOWER OF HEAVEN's shoulders.
P: The soldier is surprised to see me.
P: She says something in a strange, foreign language.
P: I hold out my hands, to show that I am unarmed.
P: "Please." I say. "We are defeated. Let this one live."
M: I can hear her, in the distance.
M: She is begging for my life. Why?
M: I am a failure. An insulting imitation that should not have been made.
M: She should surrender. My instructions are clear.
M: Better that she surrender, that the priests pay dearly, than the Goddess lose her sacred bride.
M: I don't want her to die, either.
P: The strange soldier is watching me. She says something else in her language.
P: Who is she talking to? A superior?
P: Abruptly, she is beside me.
P: She punches me, hard, in the centre of my chest.
P: I have never been hit. The priests did not need to.
P: I can barely move for the pain.
P: Then, she is gone.
M: The strange soldier departs. Was I wrong?